README.md, before:

## Fabrício Artur

AI Success Engineering · Solution Architecture · Enterprise Systems  
Applied AI, multi-cloud platforms and high-stakes technical decision-making

<p align="left">
  <a href="https://github.com/fabricioartur">GitHub</a> ·
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/fartur">LinkedIn</a> ·
  <a href="https://fabricioartur.com">Website</a>
</p>

---

### Profile

I operate at the intersection of **engineering, systems architecture and enterprise adoption**, supporting organizations where scale, security and reliability are non-negotiable.

My work spans **AI-enabled platforms**, **API-driven ecosystems** and **multi-cloud infrastructure**, with a strong focus on real-world constraints, integration patterns and value realization.

---

### What I actually work on

- Enterprise AI adoption and platform enablement  
- Solution and systems architecture across cloud and edge  
- API integration, authentication and platform security  
- Technical decision support for executives and engineering teams  
- Adoption strategy, enablement and measurable value realization  

---

### Domains of operation

- Applied Artificial Intelligence (LLMs, agents, RAG)  
- Multi-cloud and hybrid architectures  
- Edge computing and low-latency systems  
- Enterprise security and compliance  
- API-first platforms and integrations  
- Technical customer success at scale  

---

### This repository

This is not a portfolio.

It is a **technical surface** containing:
- architectural explorations  
- proofs of concept  
- AI experiments and integrations  
- reference implementations  
- technical notes  

---

## Technical surface area

The following represents **hands-on exposure, architectural responsibility or deep technical literacy** accumulated across enterprise environments.

---

### Cloud, Platforms & Infrastructure

<p align="left">
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=aws,azure,gcp,linux,docker,kubernetes,terraform,cloudflare,nginx,openshift,openstack" />
</p>

---

### Languages, Scripting & Runtime Literacy

<p align="left">
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=python,js,ts,bash,sql,nodejs" />
</p>

---

### DevOps, Delivery & Observability

<p align="left">
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=git,github,gitlab,githubactions,jenkins,grafana,prometheus,elasticsearch,postman" />
</p>

---

### Data, Messaging & Distributed Systems

<p align="left">
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=postgres,mysql,mongodb,redis,sqlite,kafka,rabbitmq" />
</p>

---

### AI, ML & Applied Intelligence

<p align="left">
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=ai,pytorch,tensorflow,fastapi,flask,django" />
</p>

---

### Frontend & Web (functional fluency)

<p align="left">
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=html,css,tailwind,react,nextjs,vue,nuxtjs,htmx" />
</p>

---

### Tooling, Editors & Workflow

<p align="left">
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=vscode,vscodium,vim,neovim,pycharm,npm,pnpm,bun" />
</p>

---

### OS, Distros & Environments

<p align="left">
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=ubuntu,debian,arch,kali,mint,redhat,windows,apple" />
</p>

---

### Knowledge, Product & Documentation

<p align="left">
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=notion,obsidian,md,figma" />
</p>

---

### Current direction

- Applied AI in enterprise production environments  
- Agent-based systems and workflows  
- AI-assisted platform adoption and enablement  
- Scalable architectures under regulatory and operational constraints  

---

Clarity over complexity.  
Execution over noise.

Commit message:

Add achievements section to README
Added a section for selected achievements highlighting key outcomes in enterprise AI adoption and technical advisory.

README.md, after:

## Fabrício Artur

AI Success Engineering · Solution Architecture · Enterprise Systems  
Applied AI, multi-cloud platforms and high-stakes technical decision-making

<p align="left">
  <a href="https://github.com/fabricioartur">GitHub</a> ·
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/fartur">LinkedIn</a> ·
  <a href="https://fabricioartur.com">Website</a>
</p>

---

### Profile

I operate at the intersection of **engineering, systems architecture and enterprise adoption**, supporting organizations where scale, security and reliability are non-negotiable.

My work spans **AI-enabled platforms**, **API-driven ecosystems** and **multi-cloud infrastructure**, with a strong focus on real-world constraints, integration patterns and value realization.

---

### What I actually work on

- Enterprise AI adoption and platform enablement  
- Solution and systems architecture across cloud and edge  
- API integration, authentication and platform security  
- Technical decision support for executives and engineering teams  
- Adoption strategy, enablement and measurable value realization  

---

### Domains of operation

- Applied Artificial Intelligence (LLMs, agents, RAG)  
- Multi-cloud and hybrid architectures  
- Edge computing and low-latency systems  
- Enterprise security and compliance  
- API-first platforms and integrations  
- Technical customer success at scale  

---

### Achievements (selected)

These are **outcomes**, not titles.

- Enabled **enterprise AI adoption** across regulated environments using Azure OpenAI, Google Cloud AI and API-first architectures  
- Supported **$1M+ expansion revenue** through technical advisory, platform enablement and adoption strategy  
- Achieved **95%+ retention** across large enterprise and government accounts in high-stakes environments  
- Designed and validated **AI-ready, low-latency architectures** for edge and distributed systems  
- Led **100+ technical workshops and enablement sessions** for engineers, architects and executives  
- Acted as technical counterpart in **C-level decision-making** involving risk, compliance and scale  

---

### This repository

This is not a portfolio.

It is a **technical surface** containing:
- architectural explorations  
- proofs of concept  
- AI experiments and integrations  
- reference implementations  
- technical notes  

---

## Technical surface area

The following represents **hands-on exposure, architectural responsibility or deep technical literacy** accumulated across enterprise environments.

---

### Cloud, Platforms & Infrastructure

<p align="left">
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=aws,azure,gcp,linux,docker,kubernetes,terraform,cloudflare,nginx,openshift,openstack" />
</p>

---

### Languages, Scripting & Runtime Literacy

<p align="left">
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=python,js,ts,bash,sql,nodejs" />
</p>

---

### DevOps, Delivery & Observability

<p align="left">
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=git,github,gitlab,githubactions,jenkins,grafana,prometheus,elasticsearch,postman" />
</p>

---

### Data, Messaging & Distributed Systems

<p align="left">
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=postgres,mysql,mongodb,redis,sqlite,kafka,rabbitmq" />
</p>

---

### AI, ML & Applied Intelligence

<p align="left">
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=ai,pytorch,tensorflow,fastapi,flask,django" />
</p>

---

### Frontend & Web (functional fluency)

<p align="left">
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=html,css,tailwind,react,nextjs,vue,nuxtjs,htmx" />
</p>

---

### Tooling, Editors & Workflow

<p align="left">
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=vscode,vscodium,vim,neovim,pycharm,npm,pnpm,bun" />
</p>

---

### OS, Distros & Environments

<p align="left">
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=ubuntu,debian,arch,kali,mint,redhat,windows,apple" />
</p>

---

### Knowledge, Product & Documentation

<p align="left">
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=notion,obsidian,md,figma" />
</p>

---

### Current direction

- Applied AI in enterprise production environments  
- Agent-based systems and workflows  
- AI-assisted platform adoption and enablement  
- Scalable architectures under regulatory and operational constraints  

---

Clarity over complexity.  
Execution over noise.
